GitHub
------
------

Stores your files in the cloud, care your files, discuss with others and more


To create a new repositorie in GitHub
-------------------------------------

1. Start in Git and do the first section from the file Git Introduction Text to ---Now GitHub---

Start GitHub

	Repositories -New


		Choose -Owner

		Fill in -Repository name

		Mark -Public or -Private
		
		Klick on -Create repository


Do the commands for:
...create a new repository on the command line
or
...push an existing repository from the command line

(copy the rows with commands one at the time and paste(right click -paste) them in to Git)

In GitHub Klick on the "repository name" 
Then you can see the file/s in the reprostory

If you have braches you can see them in -branches
push a branch from Git in to -branches, go in to Git an write:
git push --all



The tabs related to this project:
- Code -Issues -Pull requests - Actions -Projects -Wiki -Security -Insights -Settings


-Code

To see the log/status/data/changes:
Under the tab -Code
 			 choose -file 
				And you klick on the link on the right side of the file. 

To change in the file just click on the filename and choose the pen to write/change in the file.

Here you can also -add file


In -About -"wheel"/settings you can write -Description - Website link - Topics
-Include in the home page
	-Releases
	-Packages
	-Environments


-Issues 

Where you can enter in feature requests or maybe if someone finds a bug, then you can save it under issues.
If so: Click on -New issue 
	You can give it a title/name	
		In tab "Write" you can write down more details and descriptions.
	

On right side of the site you can:

	Assigne the issue to someone by clicking on settings beside -Assignees.

	Apply -Labels 
		Write or/and sort it in a category.

-Projects

and more...

-------------------------------------------------------------------

To do a change in a file
------------------------

-Code
Click on the filename
Click on the pen/edit icon
In the editview menu change to -soft wrap

Do the changes

Scroll down to choose:
-Commit directly to the main branch
or
Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request.
	This means that you create a new branch/file and others can change the branch/file, but it need to bee checked/approved before it´s gonna be pushed back to the main branch/file again.
And here you also can name the branch/file.

Click - Commit changes



(next page -Open a pull request)Write a name/explanation on the branch/file
Click -Create pull request



On the next page you can dicuss the change

On the right hand side there´s -Development click on the settings gear. It ties the change/pullrequest back to the original issue.
 
Click -Merge the pull request and -confirm it 
Then it merge back into the main and also close out the corresponding issue.
Look into the Issues tab and it´s epmty. Click on the text closed, you can see that it´s there and tell the work is done.
   

-Settings

- Collaborators
Add people to woek with you on your project

Go back to the main repository view by cklicking on the repository name link
on the right hand Click -Create a new release
(next site) click on -Choose a tag
Write a name for the tag and even bellow for a title(another name/text)
(On right hand you can see some suggestions what title you chould use)
Click - Public release 



To sync the repository back to youre computer you go back to Git:
git fetch
git merge
or
git pull









